{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All .skp, .dxf and .jpg files are offered free for you to use for personal use only, a lot of my time has been put into producing these designs and I hope you enjoy your new case. Modular Synthesiser cases can be expensive but with these basic designs I hope you can enter the modular world for very little or no cost at all.\
These designs are not for redistribution or resale. If you would like to do a small run for special sales purposes please contact me on:\
nathanxl@hotmail.com\
\
Most lasercutters will accept .dxf files.\
Most hackerspaces will have access to a lasercutter.\
Sketchup is a free and intuitive 3D modelling program that the .skp files can be directly imported into should you want to alter the designs to suit your specific needs.\
\
Most designs are for 7mm plywood. Some are for 10mm Acrylic where noted in file name.\
Feel free to alter the files to include mounting holes or cutouts for your power supply, handles, straps.\
Upload your remixes and share with the community, Id like to see them too.\
\
The included .jpg files show how the pieces go together. It appears in the picture that the joining fingers jut out past the join, this is not the case with the actual case you will cut. The picture shows the internal surface of the wood sides.\
\
The case depth (internal) is shown in the file name. 63mm, 93mm, 123mm\
Studio cases have slanted fronts.\
\
1U spacing in the Eurorack Modular Synth world is (at the point of publishing) yet to be standardised.\
Depending on what rails you use and what modules you have the rail holes spacing may or may not be correct.\
No responsibility is taken for any discrepancies in spacing. From experience some manufacturers 1U tiles\'92 pcb backs are 2mm bigger than others. If this is what you discover with your setup don\'92t contact me to complain, complain to the multiple manufacturers that cannot decide on a standard. There is however some slack in holes cut in these cases for rails, with some adjustment and filing of the holes you can reclaim the extra 2mm needed for some 1U tiles.\
\
All cases are designed for regular eurorack rails such as the ones available from http://clicksclocks.de/\
Most other kinds of rails will fit. YMMV\
Rails can be expensive so a cheap option is square wooden dowels. 10mm x 10mm, from your hardware store. Cut to length to fit in your case. Drill a small pilot hole in the ends of the dowel, just smaller than the screws you will use to screw them in\'85 Screw the wood rails in place rather than gluing as wood is not a permanent option and will need to be replaced after a while.\
\
For truly unique and crazy modules for your Synthesiser go to:\
\
http://nonlinearcircuits.com/\
\
http://nonlinearcircuits.blogspot.com\
\
Enjoy\
Nathan Thompson}